Abstract: This project is a look into UFO sightings from across the United States, Great Britain,
Canada, and many other countries. The data is hastily cobbled from a data collection from Kaggle.com,
and it's original source is NUFORC, or the National Unidentified Flying Object Reporting Center.

I intend to use this data project as practice for data science and data analysis, and ask questions
such as:

1. How common are UFO sightings to certain areas? 
a. Namely in the US, to certain states, and with regards to the shape of the UFO?
b. In other countries, are the UFO shapes possibly culturally linked?

2. How common are UFO sightings among certain dates?
a. In the US, are these sightings correlated with dates of hysteria over other political fears?
b. Outside of the US, are these sightings also hysteria or culturally related?

3. Have UFO sightings increased over the years? Are they stable or decreasing with the advent
and advance of modern human visual recording equipment?

Methodology: Python is a widely used and understood language by programmers and lay people alike,
so this will be my main file for writing queries, searching data, and cleaning data. Modules such
as Pandas, SweetViz, and NumPy are excellent libraries for data structuring and arranging.
Datetime is a good library for cleaning up columns with time-sensitive data; as in this case the
datetime column(when the sighting occurred), date posted column, event durations(both hours/minutes
and seconds), and even start times.

The SweetViz library is an excellent library that modifies the existing data structure into an .html
file, after forming statistics on columns. It performs this via the python file and terminal, and
at completion opens a window in a user's browser for the appropriate graphs of the data. Eventually
in my work on specific questions I will use the matplotlib libraries and potentially seaborn to make
pretty graphs for users who wish to see the data for themselves, rather than the report. I also want
to eventually use geopandas, based on matplotlib to graph sighting locations on a global map using
the lat/lon columns.

Research:
1. UFO sightings typically occur in the US, making up over 85% of the reports and counting; given
that this dataset is incomplete. Fortunately cities from other countries where the country column
is empty are marked with the country in the city tab. US states are listed specifically a majority
of the time. Canada follows in 2nd, with closer to 5% of sightings reported. Obviously this is
biased towards reports from the US, when NUFORC is a US-based organization. This data was gathered
using the SweetViz data visualisation tool/module for the python language.

1.a. Also using SweetViz on the states column, the top 5 US states for sightings are California
(~12%), Washington, Florida, Texas, and New York; each of the latter 4 having ~5% of the reports. 
